As long as the light you can emit is brighter than mine
I promise you
I advise you to close your eyes.
to not kill you
Can this mirror be broken?
can not brave forced to go
this is it
he doesn't look like a scammer
Is the mirror really broken?
not broken
he is not charming
you try again
you don't really have no inner strength
I have no inner strength
those cults are destroyed by you
can not say his inner strength is strong
even a mirror can not measure
Remember at that time only the founder was like that
even my double skill mirror can't check it
still need to check
or i take the power out
By then your mirror is broken don't blame me
no need no need
Then why don't you quickly give me your sect master's order?
I heard that yao sect has the 5th level of longevity technique.
I wonder if it is possible to level 1.
Someone bring the 5th level of the Longevity Sense cultivation method here.